[Music]
nine things clothes shop assistants will
never tell you about clothing stores
often use tricks to make us spend more
do you want to know what manufacturers
and retailers of clothes hide from you
watch the video to understand the reason
why you should forget the word sale
forever
number nine fashion trends change every
week the times when there were only two
seasons spring / summer and fall /
winter are Gone with the Wind modern
clothes manufacturers have taken up on
micro trends new fashionable items
appear in stores almost every week so
you want more and spend more number 8
collaboration with a famous designer
doesn't guarantee quality sometimes
large brands create clothes made with
well-known designers their aim is to
make customers pay more for exclusive
items however the only thing unique
about them is their limited-edition and
the quality of such clothes isn't any
better than the rest number 7 the sales
section looks disorderly on purpose have
you ever noticed how all the clothes in
a store are neatly folded or packed
while the sales section is in chaos with
things piled in heaps this is done on
purpose to make you feel happy that you
found a nice bargain in that mess and
run to buy it immediately
[Music]
number six harmful chemicals are used in
clothes manufacturing even if an item is
labeled 100% natural it may still be
dangerous for your health clothes
manufacturing involves chemicals that
can't be identified without proper lab
testing some harmful substances help
carry out a designer's wish regarding
the color or texture of the item and
others protect the clothes from insects
and mold what to do
always wash new clothes before wearing
them it will reduce the number of
dangerous chemicals and keep you safe in
case an infection has lingered from some
previous customer who tried it on number
five
synthetic items caused the same as those
made with natural fabrics manufacturers
often over price synthetic clothes to
give customers and incentive to buy more
expensive items made from natural
materials the customer thinks that a
cotton or wool and blouse isn't that
expensive compared to a synthetic one
and buys it without a second thought
number four
clothes are of worst quality and outlets
than the same items and boutiques
striving to save money many people go to
outlets for designer items however
clothes and accessories there only look
like they're from designer collections
luxe brands often make items from cheap
materials specifically for outlets to
receive income from those who can't
afford their clothes in expensive
boutiques
number three poor quality goods our
parents have left us things that we can
still wear today's close however are
often of poor quality all bad stitches
poorly printed images cheap plastic
fittings and so on this is exactly the
aim of the manufacturers to make things
quick and cheap so that we buy them more
often
number two sales benefit the stores not
you sales are a means of making you buy
things you didn't even think of buying
originally not many can resist
temptation upon seeing a discount but
what our sales actually about sometimes
stores artificially raise the prices
just before the sales to announce it
later and attract customers also ads and
shop windows can claim sales of up to
70% but you'll only find such a discount
on a single item for everything else
prices are cut by no more than 10
percent number one similar sizes may be
too big or too small depending on the
brand different manufacturers have
different size scales therefore you'll
be able to fit into a small item in one
store yet hardly be able to squeeze
yourself into a medium and another some
companies artificially reduce the size
of their clothes for female customers to
buy them more readily
do you think that's it not at all we
also have some bonus for you the
internet is full of life hacks for any
situation right but do they all work we
found six of the most interesting
everyday tricks to save your clothes and
try them on ourselves number one a
cotton pad and vinegar remove ink from
your bag also you can check the quality
of the bag this way
number two get rid of small wrinkles
with a flat iron wrinkles disappeared
quite fast the method only works with
light clothes though shirts or t-shirts
heavier items waltz straight in number
three sanitary pads help quickly dry
shoes and get rid of the odor if you
don't have a dryer at hand this is an
excellent way to remove excess moisture
from your foot where it will be dry in
two hours number four fluff on clothes
is easily removed with a razor
don't abuse this trick though or you'll
end up tearing your clothes number five
put a rolled-up magazine into your high
boots to keep their shape a fitness mat
instead of a magazine will also do to
keep the boot shape until next season
number six an antiseptic helps remove
ink blots on your clothes it can remove
not only pen ink but even permanent
marker stains do you know any other
tricks share them in the comments below
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video share it with others and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
stay on the